DevOps/P0_Template.md, before:

# [DevOps P0] Improvement Plan: Submission Template

Use this template to generate your own submission for the project. The template is already in Markdown and has space for you to provide your answers. Read the [Project Description](P0_Improvement_Plan.md) and the [Sample Submission](P0_Sample_Submission.md) for details and suggestions about how to complete your answers. Delete this paragraph before submitting your project. 

## Organization Snapshot

#### What is the core function of your team? What is the core function of your company or organizational unit? Is the core function of your team well aligned with the function of the larger organizational unit or the company as a whole?

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### Who are your team's customers? Are they internal or external? What do they need?

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### What is the current flow of software development and delivery in your team? List the main steps and whether they are manual or automated. 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### What are all the teams or people that are involved in a product release, from start to finish? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How is communication handled in your organization? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

## Quantitative Ratings

#### How satisfied are you with how other teams work and support the work that you do? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### Do deployments go smoothly? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### Do you have planned downtime for system upgrades or maintenance? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How much time does it take to set up the environment for a new project? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How often do you deploy to production? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How long does it take to deploy a new feature or bugfix from "code checked in to repository" to "feature is live to customers"? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How easy is it to deploy a new feature or bugfix from "code checked in to repository" to "feature is live to customers"? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How would you rate the quality of your software? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How easy it is to test your software? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How satisfied are your customers? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best) 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer.

Commit message:

Add all links. Add submission template. Add fictional company description.

DevOps/P0_Template.md, after:

# [DevOps P0] Improvement Plan: Submission Template

Use this template to generate your own submission for the project. The template is already in Markdown and has space for you to provide your answers. Read the [Project Description](P0_Improvement_Plan.md) and the [Sample Submission](P0_Sample_Submission.md) for details and suggestions about how to complete your answers. Delete this paragraph before submitting your project. 

## Organization Snapshot

#### Provide a brief description of your company and your team's role in it.

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### What is the core function of your team? What is the core function of your company or organizational unit? Is the core function of your team well aligned with the function of the larger organizational unit or the company as a whole?

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### Who are your team's customers? Are they internal or external? What do they need?

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### What is the current flow of software development and delivery in your team? List the main steps and whether they are manual or automated. 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### What are all the teams or people that are involved in a product release, from start to finish? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How is communication handled in your organization? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

## Quantitative Ratings

#### How satisfied are you with how other teams work and support the work that you do? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Rating: Replace this text (after "Rating:") with your answer. 

#### Do deployments go smoothly? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### Do you have planned downtime for system upgrades or maintenance? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How much time does it take to set up the environment for a new project? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How often do you deploy to production? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How long does it take to deploy a new feature or bugfix from "code checked in to repository" to "feature is live to customers"? 

**Enter Date Here** 

Replace this text with your answer. 

#### How easy is it to deploy a new feature or bugfix from "code checked in to repository" to "feature is live to customers"? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Rating: Replace this text (after "Rating:") with your answer. 

#### How would you rate the quality of your software? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Rating: Replace this text (after "Rating:") with your answer. 

#### How easy it is to test your software? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best)

**Enter Date Here** 

Rating: Replace this text (after "Rating:") with your answer. 

#### How satisfied are your customers? (Scale: 1-10, 10 is best) 

**Enter Date Here** 

Rating: Replace this text (after "Rating:") with your answer.
