Full Stack/TournamentResults.md, before:

Students will develop a database schema to store the game matches between players. Students will then write a Python module to rank the players and pair them up in matches in a tournament.

## How will students complete this project?

1. Install [Vagrant](http://vagrantup.com) and [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/)
2. Clone the [fullstack-nanodegree-vm repository](http://github.com/udacity/fullstack-nanodegree-vm)
3. Launch the Vagrant VM
4. Write SQL database and table definitions in a file (`tournament.sql`)
5. Write Python functions filling out a template of an API (`tournament.py`)
6. Run a test suite to verify your code (`tournament_test.py`)

For complete project details, make sure you check out <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud197/l-3521918727/m-3554068605" target="_blank">Lesson 5</a> of the Intro to Relational Databases course, including the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud197/l-3521918727/m-3519689284" target="_blank">Project Description</a>.

## Things to watch out for

The rubric specifies that the code "makes use of query parameters appropriately to protect against SQL injection attacks."
This means that students should use the `execute` method, not string concatenation or interpolation to assemble their queries.
Refer to the [psychopg docs](http://initd.org/psycopg/docs/usage.html#the-problem-with-the-query-parameters) for why.

It should be noted that simply using the 'execute' method does not prevent risk of SQL injection attacks, if the student is still using
string concatenation or interpolation to build their queries before passing them into 'execute' method.

Incorrect:
```
name = 'Steve'
query = "INSERT INTO TABLE players (name) VALUES (" + Steve + ");"
cursor.execute(query)
```

Correct:
```
name = 'Steve'
query = "INSERT INTO TABLE players (name) VALUES (%s);"
cursor.execute(query, (name, ))
```

The second argument can contain any number variables in a tuple if there are multiple values to be passed.

This does __NOT__ mean that students should use the Bleach library to sanitize inputs.
Since this project doesn't involve HTML and the database doesn't store HTML there is no good reason to use Bleach.

Commit message:

Update TournamentResults.md with new test suite info

Full Stack/TournamentResults.md, after:

Students will develop a database schema to store the game matches between players. Students will then write a Python module to rank the players and pair them up in matches in a tournament.

## How will students complete this project?

1. Install [Vagrant](http://vagrantup.com) and [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/)
2. Clone the [fullstack-nanodegree-vm repository](http://github.com/udacity/fullstack-nanodegree-vm)
3. Launch the Vagrant VM
4. Write SQL database and table definitions in a file (`tournament.sql`)
5. Write Python functions filling out a template of an API (`tournament.py`)
6. Run a test suite to verify your code (`tournament_test.py`)

For complete project details, make sure you check out <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud197/l-3521918727/m-3554068605" target="_blank">Lesson 5</a> of the Intro to Relational Databases course, including the <a href="https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud197/l-3521918727/m-3519689284" target="_blank">Project Description</a>.

## UPDATE: 1-26-16 - New Test Suite

The test suite in the tournament folder of the VM ('tournament_test.py') has been modified and expanded.
In addition to the previous functionality, the new tests should catch:

1. Ensure that deletePlayers() and deleteMatches() function independently.
2. Ensure that deleteMatches() resets the player standings (no wins/matches for any player)
3. Ensure that swissPairings() returns correct pairings both before and after match reporting, and work properly for eight players as well as four.

## Things to watch out for

The rubric specifies that the code "makes use of query parameters appropriately to protect against SQL injection attacks."
This means that students should use the `execute` method, not string concatenation or interpolation to assemble their queries.
Refer to the [psychopg docs](http://initd.org/psycopg/docs/usage.html#the-problem-with-the-query-parameters) for why.

It should be noted that simply using the 'execute' method does not prevent risk of SQL injection attacks, if the student is still using
string concatenation or interpolation to build their queries before passing them into 'execute' method.

Incorrect:
```
name = 'Steve'
query = "INSERT INTO TABLE players (name) VALUES (" + Steve + ");"
cursor.execute(query)
```

Correct:
```
name = 'Steve'
query = "INSERT INTO TABLE players (name) VALUES (%s);"
cursor.execute(query, (name, ))
```

The second argument can contain any number variables in a tuple if there are multiple values to be passed.

This does __NOT__ mean that students should use the Bleach library to sanitize inputs.
Since this project doesn't involve HTML and the database doesn't store HTML there is no good reason to use Bleach.
