DevOps/P0/P0_Fictional_Company.md, before:

# [DevOps P0] Improvement Plan: Fictional Company

## About this Resource

We encourage you to examine a real-world work situation for this project. However, if you are not currently employed or if using your present employer would be too sensitive, here is a description of a fictional company that you can use for your project submission if necessary. Imagine that you are on the software development team at this company. 

## Introduction 

Welcome to our fictional company, Twisted Threads. Twisted Threads ships cotton T-shirts on demand. The founder started the company 10 years ago from her basement, but it has since expanded to over 200 employees. There is a warehouse, several physical stores, and an e-commerce site. Customers love the high-quality materials and custom designs.

That’s the good news. Now for the bad news. 

## Forecasting

* Twisted threads has a home-grown inventory system, separate for each physical shop and the warehouse. 
* The demand varies per season in both the quantity of T-shirts ordered and the type of items that customers want.
* Because of this, the company has supply and inventory issues. Sometimes the company runs out of stock and customer order fulfillment is delayed by a week or more. At other times, Twisted Threads has ordered way too many T-shirts from its supplier. They have had to throw out merchandise to make room for newer, more popular styles. 

## IT Infrastructure

* Twisted Threads hosted servers for their internet shop in-house, but there was massive flooding in the city and their servers were damaged beyond repair. They decided to move to the cloud. 
* Since making this decision, there have been major issues with performance and cost on the cloud. Customers complain about the website being buggy. The site has gone down several times during periods of high traffic, like the holiday season. 

## Product Development

* The product team wants more features but the rollout of new features is painfully slow. The competition just launched personalization on their site which was a huge hit with customers. Twisted Threads is falling behind because their website is outdated. 
* Developers are unhappy because deployment of new features takes ages, and operations does not give them new servers. Operations is too overwhelmed with running in the cloud in general, and worry about what will happen if the cloud datacenter has a long outage or loses their data.

[Project Description](P0_Improvement_Plan.md)

[Project Submission Template](P0_Template.md)

[Sample Project Submission](P0_Sample_Submission.md)

Commit message:

Clean up description of DevOps P0 Fix typo in DevOps P0 template Clarify language around fictional company in DevOps P0

DevOps/P0/P0_Fictional_Company.md, after:

# [DevOps P0] Improvement Plan: Fictional Company

## About this Resource

If you are comfortable using your real-life experiences (from your current position or from previous jobs) for this project, feel free to do so. However, we recognize that using real scenarios may be sensitive from both a business and a personal standpoint. If you wish to keep real-world information out of the project, or if you have not previously worked in a field related to DevOps, use this description of a fictional company for the assignment. 

We encourage you to add details to this description as you work on the project. You might find it helpful to talk with friends who currently work in IT Ops or software development, asking about the software development and deployment process. You could also search the web to get a sense of typical [processes](https://www.google.com/#hl=en&q=IT%20development%20typical%20processes) and [problems](https://www.google.com/#hl=en&q=IT+development+typical+processes+problems) around the software development lifecycle, and use them in your narrative.

## Introduction 

Welcome to our fictional company, Twisted Threads. Twisted Threads ships cotton T-shirts on demand. The founder started the company 10 years ago from her basement, but it has since expanded to over 200 employees. There is a warehouse, several physical stores, and an e-commerce site. Customers love the high-quality materials and custom designs.

That’s the good news. Now for the bad news. 

## Forecasting

* Twisted threads has a home-grown inventory system, separate for each physical shop and the warehouse. 
* The demand varies per season in both the quantity of T-shirts ordered and the type of items that customers want.
* Because of this, the company has supply and inventory issues. Sometimes the company runs out of stock and customer order fulfillment is delayed by a week or more. At other times, Twisted Threads has ordered way too many T-shirts from its supplier. They have had to throw out merchandise to make room for newer, more popular styles. 

## IT Infrastructure

* Twisted Threads hosted servers for their internet shop in-house, but there was massive flooding in the city and their servers were damaged beyond repair. They decided to move to the cloud. 
* Since making this decision, there have been major issues with performance and cost on the cloud. Customers complain about the website being buggy. The site has gone down several times during periods of high traffic, like the holiday season. 

## Product Development

* The product team wants more features but the rollout of new features is painfully slow. The competition just launched personalization on their site which was a huge hit with customers. Twisted Threads is falling behind because their website is outdated. 
* Developers are unhappy because deployment of new features takes ages, and operations does not give them new servers. Operations is too overwhelmed with running in the cloud in general, and worry about what will happen if the cloud datacenter has a long outage or loses their data.

[Project Description](P0_Improvement_Plan.md)

[Project Submission Template](P0_Template.md)

[Sample Project Submission](P0_Sample_Submission.md)
