DevOps/P0/P0_Reviewer_Instructions.md, before:

# [DevOps P0] Investigate a Product Workflow: Reviewer Instructions

This document provides guidelines to reviewers on how to give feedback on DevOps P0, Improvement Plan. Please read it carefully and thoroughly before beginning to review student projects.

## Goals of DevOps P0 and Implications for Review

#### Learning Outcome

The desired learning outcome of DevOps P0 is to get students into the right mindframe for a DevOps Nanodegree program. DevOps isn't about tools; it's about the business processes that those tools serve. 

#### Implications of Learning Outcome for Review

* Students may find the project boring or irrelevant. If they complain about this, encourage them toward an understanding of why this project is important to a DevOps Nanodegree. You can quote relevant sentences from the [project description](P0_Project_Description.md) or the [sample submission](P0_Sample_Submission.md) for this.
* Students may try to copy and paste responses from the sample submission instead of generating their own. If you notice this, return the submission as *Can't Review* and in your explanation, point to the paragraph in the Sample Submission introduction that explains the purpose of the assignment and why copy/paste is not sufficient. 
* Students may use one of the fictional companies, but not add sufficient details on their own to be able to answer the questions. If the student says in response to many questions that "the fictional company does not provide this information", mark this as "Does Not Meet Specifications", explain the learning goals, and point the student to the introduction to the fictional company, which states that students should add details. 
* Students may be coming in to DevOps with not much experience of business processes or the software development cycle. It is fine if students' responses to the P0 questions are not thorough, or if the student says s/he does not understand the question. In such cases, provide feedback by asking questions that would encourage the students to think from a DevOps perspective. 

#### Other Project Goals

These are other goals associated with DevOps P0:

* To give the student an easy win early on in the program. Later projects are more technical, more time-consuming, and more difficult. Successfully completing one project can get the student into the mindset that the material can be mastered, setting him/her up for success with the later projects.
* To demonstrate the value of project reviews. Udacity makes most of the learning materials available at no charge. The value proposition is project reviews, available only to paying students. P0 is before the paywall; a student should be able to complete and submit P0 during the free trial period. The goal is to show the student that project reviews provide helpful feedback that will enhance the student's learning. 

#### Implications of Other Project Goals for Review

* The project should not be difficult to complete. The reviewers' bias should be toward giving the student the benefit of the doubt; when you are uncertain, err on the side of saying something meets specifications rather than saying it doesn't meet specifications. It is certainly possible for a submission to not meet specifications, as explained above and in the Reviewer Tips to the rubric. But bear in mind that the student is new to DevOps. If there are gaps in the student's understanding or explanations, point out those gaps as a learning opportunity, and do not penalize the student for them. 
* As long as the student has made a sincere effort to achieve the learning outcome of the project, and there are no glaring omissions or errors, the project should meets specifications. The bar is not high on this one. 

#### Providing Feedback
Since students may be new to the field of DevOps, give copious feedback that will help them get oriented.

* Your feedback should be encouraging. Celebrate students' efforts and successes! 
* Even when pointing out areas that could be improved, frame it as an encouragement to explore the DevOps mindset further, not as flaws with the submission. 
* The goal of your feedback, as of the project itself, should be to inculcate the DevOps mindset in the student. 
* Encourage the student to revise the document in the light of your feedback, as a way to get into the DevOps mindset.

#### Additional Information

* Extensive reviewer tips have been provided in the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/7709298823/rubric). Please follow them diligently. 
* The Reviews Admin app does not render Markdown. Please download the student submission and view it in the Markdown viewer of your choice. 
* Learning Markdown is *not* one of the project goals. Please provide comments if the student makes mistakes with Markdown, but this is not grounds to ask the student to resubmit.

Commit message:

Add info re: formative assessments

DevOps/P0/P0_Reviewer_Instructions.md, after:

# [DevOps P0] Investigate a Product Workflow: Reviewer Instructions

This document provides guidelines to reviewers on how to give feedback on DevOps P0, Improvement Plan. Please read it carefully and thoroughly before beginning to review student projects.

## Goals of DevOps P0 and Implications for Review

#### Learning Outcome

The desired learning outcome of DevOps P0 is to get students into the right mindframe for a DevOps Nanodegree program. DevOps isn't about tools; it's about the business processes that those tools serve. This is a [formative assessment](http://www.scholastic.com/teachers/article/what-are-formative-assessments-and-why-should-we-use-them), i.e., one that serves to guide the student and show what needs to be learned, rather than a summative one that serves to evaluate the student's learning. 

#### Implications of Learning Outcome for Review

* Students may find the project boring or irrelevant. If they complain about this, encourage them toward an understanding of why this project is important to a DevOps Nanodegree. You can quote relevant sentences from the [project description](P0_Project_Description.md) or the [sample submission](P0_Sample_Submission.md) for this.
* Students may try to copy and paste responses from the sample submission instead of generating their own. If you notice this, return the submission as *Can't Review* and in your explanation, point to the paragraph in the Sample Submission introduction that explains the purpose of the assignment and why copy/paste is not sufficient. 
* Students may use one of the fictional companies, but not add sufficient details on their own to be able to answer the questions. If the student says in response to many questions that "the fictional company does not provide this information", mark this as "Does Not Meet Specifications", explain the learning goals, and point the student to the introduction to the fictional company, which states that students should add details. 
* Students may be coming in to DevOps with not much experience of business processes or the software development cycle. It is fine if students' responses to the P0 questions are not thorough, or if the student says s/he does not understand the question. In such cases, provide feedback by asking questions that would encourage the students to think from a DevOps perspective. 

#### Other Project Goals

These are other goals associated with DevOps P0:

* To give the student an easy win early on in the program. Later projects are more technical, more time-consuming, and more difficult. Successfully completing one project can get the student into the mindset that the material can be mastered, setting him/her up for success with the later projects.
* To demonstrate the value of project reviews. Udacity makes most of the learning materials available at no charge. The value proposition is project reviews, available only to paying students. P0 is before the paywall; a student should be able to complete and submit P0 during the free trial period. The goal is to show the student that project reviews provide helpful feedback that will enhance the student's learning. 

#### Implications of Other Project Goals for Review

* The project should not be difficult to complete. The reviewers' bias should be toward giving the student the benefit of the doubt; when you are uncertain, err on the side of saying something meets specifications rather than saying it doesn't meet specifications. It is certainly possible for a submission to not meet specifications, as explained above and in the Reviewer Tips to the rubric. But bear in mind that the student is new to DevOps. If there are gaps in the student's understanding or explanations, point out those gaps as a learning opportunity, and do not penalize the student for them. 
* As long as the student has made a sincere effort to achieve the learning outcome of the project, and there are no glaring omissions or errors, the project should meets specifications. The bar is not high on this one. 

#### Providing Feedback
Since students may be new to the field of DevOps, give copious feedback that will help them get oriented.

* Your feedback should be encouraging. Celebrate students' efforts and successes! 
* Even when pointing out areas that could be improved, frame it as an encouragement to explore the DevOps mindset further, not as flaws with the submission. 
* The goal of your feedback, as of the project itself, should be to inculcate the DevOps mindset in the student. 
* Encourage the student to revise the document in the light of your feedback, as a way to get into the DevOps mindset.

#### Additional Information

* Extensive reviewer tips have been provided in the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/7709298823/rubric). Please follow them diligently. 
* The Reviews Admin app does not render Markdown. Please download the student submission and view it in the Markdown viewer of your choice. 
* Learning Markdown is *not* one of the project goals. Please provide comments if the student makes mistakes with Markdown, but this is not grounds to ask the student to resubmit.
