2D-Game-Development/Pong.md, before:

#Project 0: Pong

##Project description

###Project Overview

In this project, you will write code to complete the classic arcade game, Pong. We provide the skeleton of a libGDX game, and you supply key features such as controls for the player and collision detection between the paddles and the ball. 

###Why this project?
Pong remains to this day an iconic work in video game history.  It can be seen as an emphatic proof of concept for the entire video game medium.  Elegant in its simplicity, it still has all the essential features of a video game, such as a render loop, a basic notion of physics, player input, and a computer-controlled agent.  Over the course of this Nanodegree program, you will learn how to apply these notions to much more complex projects.  Still, there's no better place to start your game development journey than with this classic.

###What will I learn?
This project is an opportunity for you to apply what you've learned so far to make a playable game. As far as what you can make with the tools you'll learn in this Nanodegree program, this is only the beginning. Are you ready to take the first step on your game development adventure? Let's play some Pong!

##Project Completion:

Completing the project consists of the following tasks:

* Download the project [here](https://github.com/udacity/2d-game-dev-project-0).
* Import the libGDX project into Android Studio or IntelliJ IDEA.
* Using the Ball class as an example, add the required method(s) to the Paddle class so that it can draw itself.
* Give the Paddle class an `.update()` method where it moves up or down in response to arrow key input.
* Write collision detection for the Ball and Paddle.
* Instantiate necessary game entities in the PongScreen class, and call the appropriate methods to render/update them in the PongScreen class’ `.render()` method.
* Uncomment starting code indicated by TODOs as you complete various portions of the project.

###Bonus challenges / Optional features

* Add a game selection / start screen
* Add music and / or sound effects.
* Code your own computer paddle logic.

##Submitting Your Project
The submission portal for this project is not open yet.  Check back April 26th!

Commit message:

Minor fix to game dev rubric

2D-Game-Development/Pong.md, after:

#Project 0: Pong

##Project description

###Project Overview

In this project, you will write code to complete the classic arcade game, Pong. We provide the skeleton of a libGDX game, and you supply key features such as controls for the player and collision detection between the paddles and the ball. 

###Why this project?
Pong remains to this day an iconic work in video game history.  It can be seen as an emphatic proof of concept for the entire video game medium.  Elegant in its simplicity, it still has all the essential features of a video game, such as a render loop, a basic notion of physics, player input, and a computer-controlled agent.  Over the course of this Nanodegree program, you will learn how to apply these notions to much more complex projects.  Still, there's no better place to start your game development journey than with this classic.

###What will I learn?
This project is an opportunity for you to apply what you've learned so far to make a playable game. As far as what you can make with the tools you'll learn in this Nanodegree program, this is only the beginning. Are you ready to take the first step on your game development adventure? Let's play some Pong!

##Project Completion:

Completing the project consists of the following tasks:

* Download the project [here](https://github.com/udacity/2d-game-dev-project-0).
* Import the libGDX project into Android Studio or IntelliJ IDEA.
* Using the Ball class as an example, add the required method(s) to the Paddle class so that it can draw itself.
* Give the Paddle class an `.update()` method where it moves up or down in response to arrow key input.
* Write collision detection for the Ball and Paddle.
* Instantiate necessary game entities in the PongScreen class, and call the appropriate methods to render/update them in the PongScreen class’ `.render()` method.
* Uncomment starting code indicated by TODOs as you complete various portions of the project.

###Bonus challenges / Optional features

* Add a game selection / start screen
* Add music and / or sound effects.
* Code your own computer paddle logic.

##Submitting Your Project
The submission portal for this project is not open yet.  You can view the rubric [here](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/7425879428/rubric).
