Front End/Build a Portfolio Site.md, before:

##[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2736698543/rubric)

# For Reviewers

## How Grading Works

We have created a document that gives rubric specific instructions to help you grade this project.You can access the document here: [Build a Portfolio Site - Best Practices](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15msptairZjpk0S_u0lJiN3L-_GSTXRZwtrq9tvq5RKc/pub)

It is VERY IMPORTANT that you read this document before you begin evaluating projects. Every review must follow the guidelines in this document.

# Project Overview

![Project Roadmap](http://i.imgur.com/MtxM7by.jpg)

## Project Overview 
You will be provided a design mockup as a PDF-file and must replicate that design in HTML and CSS. You will develop a responsive website that will display images, descriptions and links to each of the portfolio projects you will complete through the course of the Front-End Web Developer nanodegree.

Once you've successfully replicated the design mockup, you are encouraged to continue tweaking and making customizations to the design to personalize it and make it your own!

##Note
If you have successfully completed the project for the Intro to HTML and CSS course in the past (which entails having graduated from the course and having access to your course certificate), simply email us at frontend-project@udacity.com with your passing evaluation and we'll give you credit for this project.

## Why this Project?
The first thing potential employers look for isn’t which school you attended or what your GPA was; they want to see what you’ve built! You need a professional portfolio to show off your skills.

In this project you’ll build a great look portfolio where you can show off images, descriptions and link to all of your projects. You'll do so writing code that conforms to the [Udacity Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/).

## What will I learn?
You will learn how HTML is used to define the content of a web page and start to think of every web page as a number of boxes on the screen. You’ll then learn how to position those boxes and make them beautiful using CSS.

You'll accomplish this while conforming to a [style guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/) which is an important constraint once you step into any existing development position.

## Why is this Important to my Career?

* Without a portfolio, recruiters won’t even look at your resume much less interview you.
* At their very foundation, web applications are just content delivery mechanisms; HTML defines how that language is structured.
* Reading poorly designed content is never an enjoyable experience; CSS empowers you to create beautiful content regardless of your user’s device.

# Project Details

## How do I Complete this Project?
This project is connected to the [Intro to HTML and CSS course](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud304-nd) but depending on your background knowledge of HTML and CSS you may not need to take the entire course to complete this project. Here's what you should do:

1. Download the [design mockup file](https://storage.googleapis.com/supplemental_media/udacityu/2655898586/p1.pdf). Note that the color swatches on the left are for color reference only. They are not part of the design.
2. Identify the various boxes you will need to build in order to recreate this design.
3. Write your HTML and CSS files, continue to iterate until your work is representative of the design mockup.
4. Take the time to personalize your portfolio with custom colors, additional content and your own images.
5. Validate your HTML and CSS against the [W3C's Validators](http://validator.w3.org/). See Useful Links below. *Note: the validators consider the following errors, whereas Udacity accepts these errors as acceptable:*

- HTML5: **Bad value X-UA-Compatible for attribute http-equiv on element meta** when using the X-UA-Compatible meta tag.

- CSS3: **Property *[some property here]* is an unknown vendor extension** when using vendor prefixed properties (like -moz-box-sizing).

- CSS3: **Value Error: *[some property here]* Parse Error calc...**.

## Useful Links
1. [Udacity Frontend Nanodegree Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/index.html)
2. [W3C Jigsaw CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator)
3. [W3C HTML Validator](http://validator.w3.org)

# Evaluation and Submission

##Evaluation
Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity Code Reviewer according to the rubric below. Be sure to review it thoroughly before you submit. All criteria must "meet specifications" in order to pass.

#[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2736698543/rubric)

## Style Guidelines
###CSS Guidelines
 - CSS - Use consistent indentation (tabs or spaces).   (See: CSS General Formatting Rules-Indentation)
 - CSS - Selectors, properties and property values (with the exception of strings) should be lowercase, including letters in hexadecimal color values. For example #f06c13 instead of #F06C13 and #ccc rather than #CCC. (See: CSS-General Formatting Rules-Capitalization.)
 - CSS - Use IDs and class names that are meaningful or generic. (See: CSS-ID and Class Naming.)
 - CSS - Use ID and class names that are as short as possible but as long as necessary. (See: CSS-ID and Class Naming.)
 - CSS - Use Shorthand properties in all possible places for margin, border, padding, background. Examples: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Shorthand_properties. (See: CSS Style Rules-Shorthand Properties.)
 - CSS - Indent block content between curly braces. (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Block Content Indentation.)
 - CSS - End all declarations with a semicolon. (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Declaration Stops.)
 - CSS - Add single spaces after each property name’s  colon (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Property Name Stops.)
 - CSS - Remove trailing white spaces from code. (See: CSS General Formatting Rules-Trailing Whitespace)
 - CSS - there should be a single space after each colon. (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Property Name Stops.)
 - CSS - Include a single space before the opening curly brace. (See: CSS-Declaration Block Separation.)
 - CSS - ID and class names should not be used with type selectors. (See Style Guide: CSS Style Rules-Type Selectors.)
 - CSS - Separate style rules with a blank line. (See: CSS-Rule Separations.)
 - CSS - Remove units of measure after 0 values. (See: CSS Style Rules-0 and Units.)
 - CSS - Use leading zeros for values in the code. (See: CSS Style Rules-Leading 0s.)
 - CSS - Use 3 character hexadecimal notation for color in all possible places.  For example #ccc rather than #cccccc. (See: CSS Style Rules-Hexadecimal Notation.)
 - CSS - Separate words in ID and class names with a hyphen. (See: CSS Style Rules-ID and Class Name Delimiters.)
 - CSS - Remove CSS hacks or user detection from code. 
(See: CSS Style Rules-Hacks.)
 - CSS - Separate selectors and declarations with new lines. 
(See: CSS-Selector and Declaration Separation.)
 - CSS - Use double quotes for all attribute selectors and property values. 
(See: CSS Formatting Rules-CSS Quotation Marks.)
 - CSS - Identify groups of related style rules with section comments. 
(See: CSS Meta Rules-Section Comments.)

###HTMLGuidelines
 - HTML - Element and attribute names should all be lowercase. (See: Capitalization.)
 - HTML - Use HTML5. (See: HTML Style Rules-Document Type.)
 - HTML - Use UTF-8 as character encoding. 
(See: General Meta Rules-Encoding.)
 - HTML - Place all block/list/table elements on a separate line and indent child elements. (See: HTML-General Formatting.)
 - HTML - Use semantic tags. (See: HTML Style Rules-Semantics.)
 - HTML - Provide alternate content for multimedia. 
(See: HTML Style Rules-Multimedia Fallback.)
 - HTML - Remove trailing white spaces from code. 
(See: HTML - General Formatting Rules - Trailing Whitespace.)
 - HTML - Use consistent indentation (tabs or spaces) 
(See HTML - General Formatting Rules - Indentation)
 - HTML - Use comments to explain the code. 
(See: General Meta Rules-Comments.)
 - HTML - Mark action items with TODO. 
(See: General Meta Rules-Action Items.)
 - HTML - Remove entity references. 
(See: HTML Style Rules-Entity References.)
 - HTML - Remove type attribute from link and script elements. 
(See: HTML Style Rules-Type Attributes.)
 - HTML - Use double rather than single quotation marks for attribute values. 
(See: HTML-HTML Quotation Marks.)

## Submission
1. The master branch is the default Github repository branch. If you wish to submit another branch, you'll need to set it as the new default branch inside your Github repository.
2. When you're ready to submit your project go back to your <a href="https://www.udacity.com/me" target="_blank">Udacity Home</a>, click on Project 1, and we'll walk you through the rest of the submission process. Due to the high volume of submissions we receive, please allow up up to **7 business days** for your evaluation to be returned.
3. If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at **frontend-project@udacity.com** or visit us in the <a href="http://discussions.udacity.com" target="_blank">discussion forums</a>.

## What's Next?
You will get an email as soon as your reviewer has feedback for you. In the meantime, review your next project and feel free to get started on it or the courses supporting it!

Commit message:

removing links to deprecated reviewer guidance docs

Front End/Build a Portfolio Site.md, after:

##[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2736698543/rubric)

# For Reviewers

## How Grading Works

Please refer to the reviewer tips column in the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2736698543/rubric) for advice on how to evaluate specific rubrics. Email in to review-support@udacity.com if you have any questions.

# Project Overview

![Project Roadmap](http://i.imgur.com/MtxM7by.jpg)

## Project Overview 
You will be provided a design mockup as a PDF-file and must replicate that design in HTML and CSS. You will develop a responsive website that will display images, descriptions and links to each of the portfolio projects you will complete through the course of the Front-End Web Developer nanodegree.

Once you've successfully replicated the design mockup, you are encouraged to continue tweaking and making customizations to the design to personalize it and make it your own!

##Note
If you have successfully completed the project for the Intro to HTML and CSS course in the past (which entails having graduated from the course and having access to your course certificate), simply email us at frontend-project@udacity.com with your passing evaluation and we'll give you credit for this project.

## Why this Project?
The first thing potential employers look for isn’t which school you attended or what your GPA was; they want to see what you’ve built! You need a professional portfolio to show off your skills.

In this project you’ll build a great look portfolio where you can show off images, descriptions and link to all of your projects. You'll do so writing code that conforms to the [Udacity Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/).

## What will I learn?
You will learn how HTML is used to define the content of a web page and start to think of every web page as a number of boxes on the screen. You’ll then learn how to position those boxes and make them beautiful using CSS.

You'll accomplish this while conforming to a [style guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/) which is an important constraint once you step into any existing development position.

## Why is this Important to my Career?

* Without a portfolio, recruiters won’t even look at your resume much less interview you.
* At their very foundation, web applications are just content delivery mechanisms; HTML defines how that language is structured.
* Reading poorly designed content is never an enjoyable experience; CSS empowers you to create beautiful content regardless of your user’s device.

# Project Details

## How do I Complete this Project?
This project is connected to the [Intro to HTML and CSS course](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud304-nd) but depending on your background knowledge of HTML and CSS you may not need to take the entire course to complete this project. Here's what you should do:

1. Download the [design mockup file](https://storage.googleapis.com/supplemental_media/udacityu/2655898586/p1.pdf). Note that the color swatches on the left are for color reference only. They are not part of the design.
2. Identify the various boxes you will need to build in order to recreate this design.
3. Write your HTML and CSS files, continue to iterate until your work is representative of the design mockup.
4. Take the time to personalize your portfolio with custom colors, additional content and your own images.
5. Validate your HTML and CSS against the [W3C's Validators](http://validator.w3.org/). See Useful Links below. *Note: the validators consider the following errors, whereas Udacity accepts these errors as acceptable:*

- HTML5: **Bad value X-UA-Compatible for attribute http-equiv on element meta** when using the X-UA-Compatible meta tag.

- CSS3: **Property *[some property here]* is an unknown vendor extension** when using vendor prefixed properties (like -moz-box-sizing).

- CSS3: **Value Error: *[some property here]* Parse Error calc...**.

## Useful Links
1. [Udacity Frontend Nanodegree Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/index.html)
2. [W3C Jigsaw CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator)
3. [W3C HTML Validator](http://validator.w3.org)

# Evaluation and Submission

##Evaluation
Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity Code Reviewer according to the rubric below. Be sure to review it thoroughly before you submit. All criteria must "meet specifications" in order to pass.

#[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2736698543/rubric)

## Style Guidelines
###CSS Guidelines
 - CSS - Use consistent indentation (tabs or spaces).   (See: CSS General Formatting Rules-Indentation)
 - CSS - Selectors, properties and property values (with the exception of strings) should be lowercase, including letters in hexadecimal color values. For example #f06c13 instead of #F06C13 and #ccc rather than #CCC. (See: CSS-General Formatting Rules-Capitalization.)
 - CSS - Use IDs and class names that are meaningful or generic. (See: CSS-ID and Class Naming.)
 - CSS - Use ID and class names that are as short as possible but as long as necessary. (See: CSS-ID and Class Naming.)
 - CSS - Use Shorthand properties in all possible places for margin, border, padding, background. Examples: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Shorthand_properties. (See: CSS Style Rules-Shorthand Properties.)
 - CSS - Indent block content between curly braces. (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Block Content Indentation.)
 - CSS - End all declarations with a semicolon. (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Declaration Stops.)
 - CSS - Add single spaces after each property name’s  colon (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Property Name Stops.)
 - CSS - Remove trailing white spaces from code. (See: CSS General Formatting Rules-Trailing Whitespace)
 - CSS - there should be a single space after each colon. (See: CSS Formatting Rules-Property Name Stops.)
 - CSS - Include a single space before the opening curly brace. (See: CSS-Declaration Block Separation.)
 - CSS - ID and class names should not be used with type selectors. (See Style Guide: CSS Style Rules-Type Selectors.)
 - CSS - Separate style rules with a blank line. (See: CSS-Rule Separations.)
 - CSS - Remove units of measure after 0 values. (See: CSS Style Rules-0 and Units.)
 - CSS - Use leading zeros for values in the code. (See: CSS Style Rules-Leading 0s.)
 - CSS - Use 3 character hexadecimal notation for color in all possible places.  For example #ccc rather than #cccccc. (See: CSS Style Rules-Hexadecimal Notation.)
 - CSS - Separate words in ID and class names with a hyphen. (See: CSS Style Rules-ID and Class Name Delimiters.)
 - CSS - Remove CSS hacks or user detection from code. 
(See: CSS Style Rules-Hacks.)
 - CSS - Separate selectors and declarations with new lines. 
(See: CSS-Selector and Declaration Separation.)
 - CSS - Use double quotes for all attribute selectors and property values. 
(See: CSS Formatting Rules-CSS Quotation Marks.)
 - CSS - Identify groups of related style rules with section comments. 
(See: CSS Meta Rules-Section Comments.)

###HTMLGuidelines
 - HTML - Element and attribute names should all be lowercase. (See: Capitalization.)
 - HTML - Use HTML5. (See: HTML Style Rules-Document Type.)
 - HTML - Use UTF-8 as character encoding. 
(See: General Meta Rules-Encoding.)
 - HTML - Place all block/list/table elements on a separate line and indent child elements. (See: HTML-General Formatting.)
 - HTML - Use semantic tags. (See: HTML Style Rules-Semantics.)
 - HTML - Provide alternate content for multimedia. 
(See: HTML Style Rules-Multimedia Fallback.)
 - HTML - Remove trailing white spaces from code. 
(See: HTML - General Formatting Rules - Trailing Whitespace.)
 - HTML - Use consistent indentation (tabs or spaces) 
(See HTML - General Formatting Rules - Indentation)
 - HTML - Use comments to explain the code. 
(See: General Meta Rules-Comments.)
 - HTML - Mark action items with TODO. 
(See: General Meta Rules-Action Items.)
 - HTML - Remove entity references. 
(See: HTML Style Rules-Entity References.)
 - HTML - Remove type attribute from link and script elements. 
(See: HTML Style Rules-Type Attributes.)
 - HTML - Use double rather than single quotation marks for attribute values. 
(See: HTML-HTML Quotation Marks.)

## Submission
1. The master branch is the default Github repository branch. If you wish to submit another branch, you'll need to set it as the new default branch inside your Github repository.
2. When you're ready to submit your project go back to your <a href="https://www.udacity.com/me" target="_blank">Udacity Home</a>, click on Project 1, and we'll walk you through the rest of the submission process. Due to the high volume of submissions we receive, please allow up up to **7 business days** for your evaluation to be returned.
3. If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at **frontend-project@udacity.com** or visit us in the <a href="http://discussions.udacity.com" target="_blank">discussion forums</a>.

## What's Next?
You will get an email as soon as your reviewer has feedback for you. In the meantime, review your next project and feel free to get started on it or the courses supporting it!
