Front End/Classic Arcade Game Clone.md, before:

##[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2696458597/rubric)

## How Grading Works

We have created a document that gives rubric specific instructions to help you grade this project.You can access the document here: [Classic Arcade Game Clone - Best Practices](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M5P4znZYs6wqOKx10M9njA5az0h6ctqogs83zk9SV2c/pub)

It is VERY IMPORTANT that you read this document before you begin evaluating projects. Every review must follow the guidelines in this document.


# Project Details
## How Do I Complete This Project?

1. If you need a refresher on [Object Oriented JavaScript](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud015-nd), review our course and [OOJS Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F9DY2TtWbI29KSEIot1WXRqqao7OCd7OOC2W3oubSmc/pub?embedded=true). This [Office Hours video](https://plus.google.com/events/cvrejvitte5a37k1vfli1veler8?authkey=CIistZK2pbbqYA) and [readme](https://github.com/udacity/fend-office-hours/tree/master/OOJS/Object-Oriented%20Basics) is also helpful.  
2. If you'd like a more detailed explanation as to how the game engine works, see our [HTML5 Canvas](https://www.udacity.com/course/ud292-nd) course. [Office Hours P3: Understanding Engine.js](https://plus.google.com/u/0/events/cupbs3pbne7qkuqok4g0ldhntic?authkey=COGW25b5jbv3-AE) is also very helpful.
3. Read the [detailed instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v01aScPjSWCCWQLIpFqvg3-vXLH2e8_SZQKC8jNO0Dc/pub) for the project.
4. Download the <a href="https://github.com/udacity/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game" target="_blank">art assets and provided game engine</a>.
5. Review [the video of the completed game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxeHV1kt7iU&feature=youtu.be) and take note of the game's rules.
6. Review the code and comments provided in app.js
7. Identify the various classes you will need to write.
8. Identify and code the properties each class must have to accomplish its tasks.
9. Write the functions that provide functionality to each of your class instances.

# Evaluation and Submission
## Evaluation
Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the rubric below. Be sure to review it thoroughly before you submit. All criteria must "meet specifications" in order to pass. 

#[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2696458597/rubric)

## Submission
1. The master branch is the default Github repository branch. If you wish to submit another branch, you'll need to set it as the [new default branch](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-the-default-branch/) inside your Github repository.
2. When you're ready to submit your project go back to your <a href="https://www.udacity.com/me" target="_blank">Udacity Home</a>, click on Project 4, and we'll walk you through the rest of the submission process. Due to the high volume of submissions we receive, please allow up up to **7 business days** for your evaluation to be returned.
3. If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at **frontend-project@udacity.com** or visit us in the <a href="http://discussions.udacity.com" target="_blank">discussion forums</a>.

## What's Next?
You will get an email as soon as your reviewer has feedback for you. In the meantime, review your next project and feel free to get started on it or the courses supporting it!

When you're ready to submit your project go back to your <a href="https://www.udacity.com/me" target="_blank">Udacity Home</a>, click on Project 3, and we'll walk you through the rest of the submission process. Due to the high volume of submissions we receive, please allow up up to **7 business days** for your evaluation to be returned.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at **frontend-project@udacity.com** or visit us in the <a href="http://discussions.udacity.com" target="_blank">discussion forums</a>.

## Useful Link
- [Udacity Front End Nanodegree JavaScript Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html)

Commit message:

removing links to deprecated reviewer guidance docs

Front End/Classic Arcade Game Clone.md, after:

##[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2696458597/rubric)

## How Grading Works

Please refer to the reviewer tips column in the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2696458597/rubric) for advice on how to evaluate specific rubrics. Email in to review-support@udacity.com if you have any questions.

# Project Details
## How Do I Complete This Project?

1. If you need a refresher on [Object Oriented JavaScript](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud015-nd), review our course and [OOJS Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1F9DY2TtWbI29KSEIot1WXRqqao7OCd7OOC2W3oubSmc/pub?embedded=true). This [Office Hours video](https://plus.google.com/events/cvrejvitte5a37k1vfli1veler8?authkey=CIistZK2pbbqYA) and [readme](https://github.com/udacity/fend-office-hours/tree/master/OOJS/Object-Oriented%20Basics) is also helpful.  
2. If you'd like a more detailed explanation as to how the game engine works, see our [HTML5 Canvas](https://www.udacity.com/course/ud292-nd) course. [Office Hours P3: Understanding Engine.js](https://plus.google.com/u/0/events/cupbs3pbne7qkuqok4g0ldhntic?authkey=COGW25b5jbv3-AE) is also very helpful.
3. Read the [detailed instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v01aScPjSWCCWQLIpFqvg3-vXLH2e8_SZQKC8jNO0Dc/pub) for the project.
4. Download the <a href="https://github.com/udacity/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game" target="_blank">art assets and provided game engine</a>.
5. Review [the video of the completed game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxeHV1kt7iU&feature=youtu.be) and take note of the game's rules.
6. Review the code and comments provided in app.js
7. Identify the various classes you will need to write.
8. Identify and code the properties each class must have to accomplish its tasks.
9. Write the functions that provide functionality to each of your class instances.

# Evaluation and Submission
## Evaluation
Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the rubric below. Be sure to review it thoroughly before you submit. All criteria must "meet specifications" in order to pass. 

#[Project Rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/2696458597/rubric)

## Submission
1. The master branch is the default Github repository branch. If you wish to submit another branch, you'll need to set it as the [new default branch](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-the-default-branch/) inside your Github repository.
2. When you're ready to submit your project go back to your <a href="https://www.udacity.com/me" target="_blank">Udacity Home</a>, click on Project 4, and we'll walk you through the rest of the submission process. Due to the high volume of submissions we receive, please allow up up to **7 business days** for your evaluation to be returned.
3. If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at **frontend-project@udacity.com** or visit us in the <a href="http://discussions.udacity.com" target="_blank">discussion forums</a>.

## What's Next?
You will get an email as soon as your reviewer has feedback for you. In the meantime, review your next project and feel free to get started on it or the courses supporting it!

When you're ready to submit your project go back to your <a href="https://www.udacity.com/me" target="_blank">Udacity Home</a>, click on Project 3, and we'll walk you through the rest of the submission process. Due to the high volume of submissions we receive, please allow up up to **7 business days** for your evaluation to be returned.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at **frontend-project@udacity.com** or visit us in the <a href="http://discussions.udacity.com" target="_blank">discussion forums</a>.

## Useful Link
- [Udacity Front End Nanodegree JavaScript Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html)
