Programming Foundations/Reverse_engineer.md, before:

# Reverse Engineering Project Specification for Reviewers

This project involves students analyzing the Project Compass Web app.

They will take lessons that involve learning concepts about:

+ Front end programming
+ Back end programming
+ Mobile programming
+ Data Analysis

In the assignment students are asked to answer 10 questions and provide and explanation. The answer must be correct and have an explanation for the question to be counted toward meeting specifications. Because answers may be subjective, focus only on whether the answer is correct and if there is an explanation. Students need to answer all 10 questions correctly with an explanation to meet specifications.

They do not necessary have to demonstrate their knowledge with computer code, but they certainly can demonstrate their knowledge with their code by manipulating the original Project Compass web app HTML, CSS, or JavaScript to  exceeds specifications on the project.

Reviewer Instructions for Stage 5

1. View student’s answers.html file

The file you receive from students, when unzipped, should contain a file called answers.html

The top of the file should look something like this:

```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <link href="css/style.css" rel="stylesheet">
</head>
<body>
  <!--Title-->
  <a href="index.html">Back to Project Compass</a>
  <h1 class="title"> Project <img class="compass_icon"src="img/compass.svg"> Compass</h1>
  <h1 class="title">Reverse Engineering Project</h1>
  <div id= "wrapper">
```
You should go to the `<!--Student Answer Section-->` or open answers.html in a browser to read the student's answers.

2. Review submission

The Student Answer should have these answers with explanations:

```
    <!-- Question 1 -->
    <p>1. Which programmer would build and manage the database for storing map pin locations in Project Compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 1 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Back End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 2 -->
    <p>2. Which programmer would make Project Compass responsive on different screen sizes on the web?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 2 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 3 -->
    <p>3. Which type of mobile programmer (Android or iOS) would be using Swift to turn Project Compass into a mobile app?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 3 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>iOS Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 4 -->
    <p>4. Which programmer would add the image <img class="compass_icon"src="img/compass.svg"> to Project Compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 4 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 5 -->
    <p>5. Who would evaluate information about Project Compass users to give insights for product decisions?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 5 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Data Analyst<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 6-->
    <p>6. Who would make requests to the Google Maps API in Project Compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 6 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 7 -->
    <p>7. Which programmer would need to consider hardware components to make Project Compass usable with a microphone or camera?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 7 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Mobile Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 8 -->
    <p>8. Which programmer would make a post request endpoint to add comments onto Project compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 8 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Back End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 9 -->
    <p>9. Which programmer would look at user clicking rates on Project Compass to make recommendations for external tourism sites?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 9 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Data Analyst<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 10 -->
    <p>10. After evaluating these four different paths into programming, which role are you most interested in pursuing? Why?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 10 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer, Back End Programmer, Mobile Programmer, or Data Analyst<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>
```
I suspect most submissions will meet specifications. This stage is intentionally easy.

Below is the Stage 4 project rubric:

Rubric:
![reverse engineering rubric](http://i.imgur.com/vDYLPM5.png)

4. Write Feedback

If the project does not meet expectations in any of the rubric categories please be very specific about what the student needs to do to pass their next next submission. Also please read through their notes and if the student shows confusion or is inaccurate, please guide the student to the correct information, either through linking or explaining.

If the project meets expectations, congratulate the student! They've come a long way.

Commit message:

Added two links
Not all Reviewers have access to the IPND path (https://plus.google.com/101054535595811543328/posts/amqCQJaJRie), and to make things easier I  added the links to the webapp and the Project Compass zip file here in the Project Description.

Programming Foundations/Reverse_engineer.md, after:

# Reverse Engineering Project Specification for Reviewers

This project involves students analyzing the Project Compass Web app: http://www.project-compass.appspot.com/

They will take lessons that involve learning concepts about:

+ Front end programming
+ Back end programming
+ Mobile programming
+ Data Analysis

In the assignment students are asked to answer 10 questions and provide and explanation. The answer must be correct and have an explanation for the question to be counted toward meeting specifications. Because answers may be subjective, focus only on whether the answer is correct and if there is an explanation. Students need to answer all 10 questions correctly with an explanation to meet specifications.

They do not necessary have to demonstrate their knowledge with computer code, but they certainly can demonstrate their knowledge with their code by manipulating the original Project Compass web app HTML, CSS, or JavaScript to  exceeds specifications on the project.

Reviewer Instructions for Stage 5

1. View student’s answers.html file

The file you receive from students, when unzipped, should contain a file called answers.html

To view it in the context of the Project Compass webapp, you can download the addtional files here: https://www.udacity.com/api/nodes/6821598638/supplemental_media/p4-project-compasszip/download

The top of the student's file should look something like this:

```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <link href="css/style.css" rel="stylesheet">
</head>
<body>
  <!--Title-->
  <a href="index.html">Back to Project Compass</a>
  <h1 class="title"> Project <img class="compass_icon"src="img/compass.svg"> Compass</h1>
  <h1 class="title">Reverse Engineering Project</h1>
  <div id= "wrapper">
```
You should go to the `<!--Student Answer Section-->` or open answers.html in a browser to read the student's answers.

2. Review submission

The Student Answer should have these answers with explanations:

```
    <!-- Question 1 -->
    <p>1. Which programmer would build and manage the database for storing map pin locations in Project Compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 1 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Back End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 2 -->
    <p>2. Which programmer would make Project Compass responsive on different screen sizes on the web?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 2 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 3 -->
    <p>3. Which type of mobile programmer (Android or iOS) would be using Swift to turn Project Compass into a mobile app?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 3 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>iOS Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 4 -->
    <p>4. Which programmer would add the image <img class="compass_icon"src="img/compass.svg"> to Project Compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 4 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 5 -->
    <p>5. Who would evaluate information about Project Compass users to give insights for product decisions?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 5 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Data Analyst<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 6-->
    <p>6. Who would make requests to the Google Maps API in Project Compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 6 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 7 -->
    <p>7. Which programmer would need to consider hardware components to make Project Compass usable with a microphone or camera?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 7 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Mobile Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 8 -->
    <p>8. Which programmer would make a post request endpoint to add comments onto Project compass?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 8 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Back End Programmer or Developer<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 9 -->
    <p>9. Which programmer would look at user clicking rates on Project Compass to make recommendations for external tourism sites?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 9 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Data Analyst<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>

    <!-- Question 10 -->
    <p>10. After evaluating these four different paths into programming, which role are you most interested in pursuing? Why?</p>
    <!--Your Answer to question 10 goes here-->
    <div class= "answer">
      <p>Front End Programmer, Back End Programmer, Mobile Programmer, or Data Analyst<p>
      <p>Student's explanation</p>
    </div>
```
I suspect most submissions will meet specifications. This stage is intentionally easy.

Below is the Stage 4 project rubric:

Rubric:
![reverse engineering rubric](http://i.imgur.com/vDYLPM5.png)

4. Write Feedback

If the project does not meet expectations in any of the rubric categories please be very specific about what the student needs to do to pass their next next submission. Also please read through their notes and if the student shows confusion or is inaccurate, please guide the student to the correct information, either through linking or explaining.

If the project meets expectations, congratulate the student! They've come a long way.
