Choose Your Idea
===

## Context

This project is a light project for Tech Entrepreneur students. The project is meant to be done within the first week of enrollment to get students engaged with their ideas and help them get early feedback on their ideas and writing.

## Project Description

In this project, students will identify three problems. Then, they will describe one problem in detail and propose a potential solution in a one-page paper. Students should propose a problem and solution that they can build a business around. 

If students do not have any ideas yet, then they are encouraged to use this sample problem to write about:

> First-year college students do not know how to buy healthy and budget-friendly food when they first move to college. How can we help first-year college students buy healthy and budget-friendly food?

## Reviewer Guidelines

The student should submit a **one-page, double-spaced, 1-inch margin, 12-point format** paper in PDF format. If the student submits a paper outside of these specifications, please return the project back to the student and explain to the student that the format encourages students to write succinctly.

You will give feedback on the student's critical thinking skills and ability to communicate clearly and effectively. The problem and solution students select will also provide them a foundation for Project 1. 

###Below are the sections studentse must complete

####Brainstorm

**All ideas are welcome here.  Decide what you're passionate about and any possible bussiness ideas you can think of.**

* Write down at least 5 ideas to include with your submission

**Below are some great resources for you to help you brainstorm your ideas.**

* Discuss with classmates in the [**forum**](https://discussions.udacity.com/)!
* Use a [**T-Chart**](http://www.readwritethink.org/classroom-resources/printouts/chart-30225.html) to help list out problems and solutions
* Use a [**mindmap**](https://bubbl.us/) to help you think of problems and solutions in a more relational manner
* Use a new [**technique**](http://personalexcellence.co/blog/brainstorming-techniques/) to help you think from a new perspective

#### Choose an Idea

**Try narrowing down your choices to those that seem like your best ideas.**

* Choose 1 idea and write a short description of why you decided on this one.

#### Problem and Solution Statement

**Define the problem you plan to solve and explain how your app will provide the solution.**

* This summary should be approximately 100 words.

#### Focus

The solution should be written in detail. For example, the student should outline the major steps needed to solve the problem.

###Areas of Reviewer Focus

Important: The student must follow the above writing format. If the student does not follow this writing format, the project is ungradeable. We want students to follow a specific format to help communicate to students what exactly reviewers are looking for and to hep you efficiently grade these projects.

Below are areas that you should help give students feedback on their paper.

**Page Limit**

Did the student write no more than one page? If the student wrote more than one page, you can give them constructive feedback on the importance of writing succinctly.

**Succinct**

Look for whether the write up’s first paragraph presents a high-level executive summary of the students’ ideas.

**Focus**

Does the student outline the problem and solution in detail?

**Logical**

Do the solutions make sense given the problems? Are there any assumptions that the student have not fully thought out? You can suggest ideas to help them think more deeply about their solutions and their problems.

**Diction Level**

Is the diction and writing style at a simple level that a general audience can quickly understand. If no, please give students feedback on how to improve their writing for a general audience.

**Comprehension**

Is the writing comprehensible and clear? Does the writing not confuse the reader? Please provide feedback and offer any suggestions to improve writing clarity.

**Grammar**

1. **Spelling** - Comment on any spelling mistakes you see.
2. **Sentence Structure** - Comment on any sentences that contain misplaced or misused commas, semicolons, or colons. 
3. **Proper Syntax** - Comment on any major grammar mistakes you see and kindly offer suggestions on how to fix grammar issues.


## Watch Outs

If the student submits files and links that are unreadable or cannot be commented on easily, please mark the project as ungradeable and encourage the student to submit the project in a PDF file.

