# Choose and Validate Your Idea
## Evaluation

Use the [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ivZ7L782CQlBafZW7qAgIZKf_pdlRdOIe0c8J9PbaSY/pub) to review your project. If you are happy with your submission, then you are ready to submit! If you see room for improvement in **any** category in which you do not meet specifications, keep working! 

Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the same [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ivZ7L782CQlBafZW7qAgIZKf_pdlRdOIe0c8J9PbaSY/pub). Your project must "meet specifications" in each category in order for your submission to pass.

## Note to Reviewer

Students must follow the writing format we provided in the submission section below. If the student does not follow the format, the project is deemed ungradeable.

We want to give you and the student a common writing format to follow to help set appropriate expectations of what exactly we're looking for in the student's write up and to allow you to efficiently evaluate these submissions.

## Submission

###What to include in your submission###

PDF document including the following information
 
**Original Problem and Solution Summary**

* Approximately 100 word summary of a problem you see and how your app solves this problem.

**Create Guiding Questions**

* What questions can you ask to help get the best feedback and information about your idea?

* Identify 3 questions you used to help guide your User Research

**Feedback Notes**

* Notes from your talk with 3 or more people and include answers to the following questions.
 * What was their first response to your idea?
 * What did they like or dislike about your idea?
 * Answers to each of the guiding questions you’ve created in the previous section.

**Updated Problem and Solution Summary**

* Approximately 100 word summary of a problem you see and how your app solves this problem.  This summary will reflect any changes you’ve made based on the feedback you recieved.

**Describe your Summary Decision**

* Write 3-4 sentences describing what changes you made to your summary and what experiences helped you do this.

* If you did not made any changes to your summary, write 3-4 sentences describing why you chose to stick with your original summary. 

###Ready to submit your project?###

Go back to your Udacity home, click on the project, and follow the instructions to submit!

It can take us up to a week to grade the project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will get an email when your submission has been reviewed.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at techent-project@udacity.com.
