# Find Your Target Audience
## Evaluation

Use the [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bRwQHkbC_VOmsmBB8F_oozVsd9l5o62X_Pje1sTaJTM/pub) to review your project. If you are happy with your submission, then you are ready to submit! If you see room for improvement in **any** category in which you do not meet specifications, keep working! 

Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the same [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bRwQHkbC_VOmsmBB8F_oozVsd9l5o62X_Pje1sTaJTM/pub). Your project must "meet specifications" in each category in order for your submission to pass.

## Note to Reviewer

Students must follow the writing format we provided in the submission section below. If the student does not follow the format, the project is deemed ungradeable.

We want to give you and the student a common writing format to follow to help set appropriate expectations of what exactly we're looking for in the student's write up and to allow you to efficiently evaluate these submissions.

## Submission

###What to include in your submission###

PDF document including the following information
 
**Target Audience Persona**

* Name and Picture
* Demographic Information
* Geographic Information
* Behavioral or Psychographic Information
* Needs and Wants

**Competitive Analysis**

* Complete [**this competitive matrix**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1znQNAigOifBte1c2BC8q-RsD9O_6c3p9dUL-URkpbSM/edit#slide=id.g66e7ffd40_0_0) to define yourself as an industry leader.
* Analysis complete for 3 competitors on 2 axis
* Your business should be positioned as the market leader.
* Axis relate to core components of your business 

**Value Positioning Statement**

* Use the [**this template**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1znQNAigOifBte1c2BC8q-RsD9O_6c3p9dUL-URkpbSM/edit#slide=id.g66e7ffd40_0_13) to define your business' value.


###Ready to submit your project?###

Go back to your Udacity home, click on the project, and follow the instructions to submit!

It can take us up to a week to grade the project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will get an email when your submission has been reviewed.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at techent-project@udacity.com.
