# Build a Prototype
## Evaluation

Use the [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1djF4Q2MyxP37LmMBjda6DBKTFllAsKK2gWr-JVzI51o/pub) to review your project. If you are happy with your submission, then you are ready to submit! If you see room for improvement in **any** category in which you do not meet specifications, keep working! 

Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the same [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1djF4Q2MyxP37LmMBjda6DBKTFllAsKK2gWr-JVzI51o/pub). Your project must "meet specifications" in each category in order for your submission to pass.

## Submission

###What to include in your submission###

PDF document including the following information
 
**Product Idea Summary**

 * 100 word summary of product, the problem it solves, and your solution

**Low-Fidelity Prototype**

* First Iteration of Low-Fidelity Prototype
* Prototype should include 3 or more pages from your app

**UX Research**

Notes from at least 3 sessions of User testing. 

* Notes should answer the following questions...
 * What issues did users run into?
 * What positive experiences did users have?
 * What negative experiences did users have?
 * Were there any other general comments that came up?
 * Have you made any changes based on this feedback?

**Updated iteration of Low-fidelity prototype**

 * Respond to feedback using an updated design
 * Create a new low-fidelity prototype. The prototype should include 3 or more pages from your app

###Ready to submit your project?###

Go back to your Udacity home, click on the project, and follow the instructions to submit!

It can take us up to a week to grade the project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will get an email when your submission has been reviewed.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at techentrepreneur-project@udacity.com.

