# Monetization Strategy
## Evaluation

Use the [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NNAA25iso2lDvbx-tZ-vmOTWWS3M-g7IWaaxL2mAVa4/pub) to review your project. If you are happy with your submission, then you are ready to submit! If you see room for improvement in **any** category in which you do not meet specifications, keep working! 

Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the same [**Project Rubric**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NNAA25iso2lDvbx-tZ-vmOTWWS3M-g7IWaaxL2mAVa4/pub). Your project must "meet specifications" in each category in order for your submission to pass.

## Note to Reviewer

Students must follow the writing format we provided in the submission section below. If the student does not follow the format, the project is deemed ungradeable.

We want to give you and the student a common writing format to follow to help set appropriate expectations of what exactly we're looking for in the student's write up and to allow you to efficiently evaluate these submissions.

## Submission

###What to include in your submission###

PDF document including the following information
 
**Monetization Summary**

* Describe the product, problem, and solution.
* How do you plan to make money with this solution?

**Monetization Details**

* What monetization mode do you plan on using?
* Justify your model using product and predicted user behavior.

**Identifying Similar Models**

Find 3 businesses the use similar monetization strategies and provide the following information...

* Name of Business
* URL
* What is working about their monetization strategy?
* Is there something you don’t like about it?
* What would you improve?
* Can you implement any of this into your own model? 

**Prototype including Monetization**

* Provide an updated prototype that includes any adjustments made to incorporate your monetization plan.
 
**KPI’s**

* What are some KPI’s you might set for your product?
* Why do you think these KPI’s are appropriate for your business?

* What is 1 alternative monetization strategy?
* How do you think this would solve problems that could arise with your current plan?

###Ready to submit your project?###

Go back to your Udacity home, click on the project, and follow the instructions to submit!

It can take us up to a week to grade the project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will get an email when your submission has been reviewed.

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at techent-project@udacity.com.
